I'm the owner of the great Yehomah,
Filled well through this barren land.
I am free because thou art mighty,
Holy is thy powerful hand.
Strong deliver, strong deliver,
Behold still my strength and shield.
Our rules are the rules of the world,
We bear the will of thy strength.
Thou art our God and Thou art our Lord,
Thou art our God and Thou art our light.
Our rules are the rules of the world,
We bear the will of thy strength.
Thou art our God and Thou art our light,
Our rules are the rules of the world,
Glory be to thee, glory be to thee,
Evermore we praise thee, evermore we praise thee,
Thou art our God and Thou art our light,
Glory be to thee, glory be to thee,
Evermore we praise thee, evermore we praise thee,
Behold still my strength and shield.
Glory be to thee, glory be to thee,
Evermore we praise thee, evermore we praise thee,
Glory be to thee, evermore we praise thee,